you know hundreds of different events
happen in the world
every single day how about we check the
brightest moments of 2019
january on january 3rd 2019
china's changi 4 robotic mission landed
on the moon's far
side for the first time ever its goal
was to explore the terrain
of the previously mysterious dark side
people in east asia and north pacific
could observe a partial solar eclipse on
january
6th and on january 21st
there was the last total solar eclipse
till may
2021 it was referred to as a wolf
super moon wolf because it was the first
full moon in a calendar year
and super because it was closer to earth
and bigger than usual
scientists found out that human bones
might be loaded with a network of tiny
tunnels
this system is likely to help blood
cells produced in bones
quickly get into the blood circulation
if there are holes
there should also be capillaries
miniature blood vessels
kiyoshi kimura a japanese sushi
restaurant owner
also known as the tuna king paid more
than 3 million dollars
for a ginormous bluefin tuna at tokyo's
toyota fish market
man that's some expensive fish you're
about to slice up
january 2019 was the hottest month in
australia since records began in 1910
scientists discovered a teeny jello
violin inside the human ear
it's a blob of jelly-like substance made
up of 97
water researchers believe that thanks to
this jell-o
your ear can separate high frequencies
from lower ones
february it was discovered honeybees
could add
and subtract and understood the idea of
zero
a new kangaroo fossil study proved that
the animals had learned to hop
around 20 million years ago it was much
earlier than scientists had previously
thought
rare black panthers were spotted in
kenya for the first time
in 100 years on february 21st
japanese spacecraft halebusa ii landed
on asteroid ryugu
to collect rock samples a 30 million
page
digital library called the lunar library
was launched
toward the moon its main purpose is to
preserve the records of human
civilization for billions of years
march the dragon vehicle launched by
spacex
successfully docked with the
international space station
it was a demonstration run the mission
was only carrying a test dummy and a 400
pound
payload google employee emma haruka iwo
broke the guinness world record for
calculating pi
to the most number of digits a
staggering 31.4
trillion she achieved her childhood
dream
with the help of google cloud me i like
strawberry pie
the super bloom of poppies in walker
canyon in southern california
was visible from space nasa aircraft
snapped a picture of the phenomenon
that happened after heavy rainfall
bugatti announced its new car
it's the most expensive vehicle ever
sold lavoiter noir
cost about 19 million bucks and was the
only one to be built
the vessel a honeycomb-like visitor
attraction
was open on march 15th in new york city
the
16-story elaborate construction consists
of
80 landings 154 flights of stairs
and 2 500 steps
queen elizabeth ii shared her first
instagram post
ever it happened during her visit to
london's science museum
it was an image of a letter between
prince albert and mathematician and
inventor
charles babbage armando a champion
racing pigeon nicknamed
the lewis hamilton of pigeons was sold
for 1.42 million in belgium
april the first ever image of a black
hole
appeared in april it took two years to
piece the image together
eight radio observatories on four
continents had been watching a black
hole
in messier 87 a big galaxy 55 million
light years away from earth
wolves returned to the netherlands after
they hadn't been seen in the country for
140 years
the biggest plane in the world set off
on its first trip in the mojave desert
in california
the aircraft is designed to launch
rockets into orbit
and can carry a 250 ton payload
after growing several human taste cells
in a lab
scientists discover they had an ability
to smell
in each of these cells there were a few
molecules similar to those
found in cells in the human nose that's
why taste cells reacted to odor
molecules
just like smell cells did scientific
journal
nature geoscience reported that methane
a gas
usually produced by living things you
and me and cows for example
was found on mars in 2013. it was
detected by european space agency's mars
express spacecraft
in gale crater near the martian equator
aston martin a british sports car
manufacturer
presented its first electric car the
repeat e
at the shanghai auto show this model can
reach the speed of up to 155 miles per
hour
and cost 326 000
scientists discovered a previously
unknown human species
in a cave in luzon island in the
philippines
three foot tall homo luzonis lived fifty
thousand to sixty thousand years ago
no word if the lumpia found with him was
still fresh
just kidding nasa's insight lander
whose goal was to study the interior of
mars detected the first
mars quake ever after years of test
flights
the first home delivery drone service
was launched in australia
an american diver made the deepest
submarine dive ever
to the bottom of the mariana trench the
submersible
designed to withstand immense pressures
reached the depth of nearly seven
miles the first ever albino panda caught
on camera
was spotted at a nature preserve in
china people had seen brown and white
pandas in the northwest part of the
country before
but never all white ones may
a stainless steel sculpture rabbit
created in 1986
by the artist jeff coons was sold at
auction for a whopping 91.1 million
dollars
it became the world's most expensive
work sold at auction by a living artist
scientists announced that they had
evidence that early humans had lived at
extreme altitudes in tibet
about 160 thousand years ago they
belonged to the ancient denezuvan
species
french adventurer jean-jacques sivan
successfully crossed the atlantic ocean
in a 10-foot long barrel-shaped orange
capsule
the entire journey lasted 122 days
the man traveled 2 800 miles
i'll bet that was a barrel of fun not
a study published in the journal nature
geoscience
claimed the moon kept shrinking the
earth satellite became 150
feet skinnier than it had been several
hundred million years ago
its insides were still cooling and this
could be triggering moonquakes
china's changi 4 mission found evidence
that a giant
asteroid had created a massive crater in
the moon's far
side the impact was so great it had
cracked the crust
and reached the mantle cami rita sherpa
from nepal
set a new record for making it to the
top of mount everest the most number of
times
24. the supermassive black hole
at the center of our home milky way
galaxy suddenly
lit up twice as brightly as usual it
could mean the black hole had swallowed
something large
maybe that bluefin tuna dna research
proved bed bugs were older than humans
at least 115 million years ago these
insects managed to outlive
dinosaurs china unveiled the prototype
of a new high-speed train that would
float above the track
at a speed of 370 miles per hour
hey what's your hurry astronomers pieced
together
7500 photos taken during 16 years by the
hubble space telescope
it resulted in a mosaic of the distant
universe
the image consisted of 265 000 visible
galaxies
the light from some of them comes from
13.3
billion years ago june
an island in northern norway asked to be
the world's first
time free zone the sun doesn't sit there
for 69 days
from may 18th to july 26th that's why
you can see kids playing soccer at 2 am
and adults drinking coffee with friends
or painting their houses
at 4 00 am a baseball jersey that
belonged to baseball legend babe ruth
became the most expensive sports
memorabilia ever
it was sold at an auction in new york
for 5.64 million dollars
rykoke volcano in the coral islands
erupted
sending volcanic gasses and ash high up
into the atmosphere
the eruption was so massive that it was
spotted by the astronauts on the
international space station
nasa launched the deep space atomic
clock the size of a four-slice toaster
it was designed to keep super accurate
time within
1 10 millionth of a second so don't be
late
during a week-long heat wave in europe
the highest ever june temperatures were
recorded in poland
about 100 degrees fahrenheit germany
around 101
and the czech republic 102.
two days later the highest ever
temperature was recorded in southern
france
it reached almost 115 degrees
the first solar sailing spacecraft
propelled solely by sunlight
was launched into space on the same
rocket as the atomic clock
well it's time out a new study
stated that if people suddenly started
to be born with six fingers
the brain would easily adapt to it
people with polydactyly
extra fingers or toes have no problems
controlling additional fingers
and can use each of them independently
july a 12th century chess piece from a
sand dune on the island of louis
was sold in an auction in london for
almost 900 000 bucks
people in chile and argentina observed a
total
solar eclipse lights out a floating mass
of seaweed that stretched from
west africa to the gulf of mexico became
the world's biggest seaweed bloom
record temperatures were registered in
alaska the temperature there
reached 90 degrees fahrenheit japan's
hayabusa 2 mission
landed on a ryugu asteroid for the
second time to collect more samples
like double dipping huh a new study
claimed
some people could be better at knowing
everything
than others thanks to their super
effectively wired brains
brain scans prove such individuals had
shorter and stronger connections between
brain cells
nope not me asteroid 2019
okay scared scientists by sneaking up on
our planet
the rather large rock appeared seemingly
out of nowhere
and traveled uncomfortably close to
earth
just forty five thousand miles away
which is less than one
fifth of the distance to the moon a two
hundred ten thousand year old skull
was found in southern greece it's the
earliest example of modern humans
outside africa kenya launched the
largest wind power plant in africa
the lake turkana wind power project
consisted of 365 wind turbines
and was designed to increase the
country's electricity supply
by 13 the highest ever uk temperature
was recorded in cambridge
it was nearly 102 degrees
detecting a pattern here august
scientists discovered a previously
unknown organ in the human body
it looks like a mesh-like web of cells
inside the skin
these cells cover nerve endings and
might be the reason
why people can feel pain a two-headed
baby rattlesnake called double dave was
found in a forest in new jersey
nasa confirmed that a mission to europa
jupiter's ice-covered moon
would be launched in 2025. a life-size
robot called fidor was launched toward
the international space station
the robot set off in its space journey
in a rocket from russia's balconer
cosmodrome in kazakhstan
the robot was five feet 11 inches tall
and weighed around 350 pounds
not the best height weight ratio
frenchman
frankie zappata became the first person
ever to cross the english
channel on a jet-powered fly board the
inventor covered the 22 mile distance
in 22 minutes boo sign me up
astronomers detected what they thought
could be a collision between a neutron
star and a black hole
for the first time september
for the first time in more than 360
years
compasses pointed to true north at
greenwich
our planet has two north poles
geographic
and magnetic most of the time compasses
show the magnetic pole
which shifts because of the earth's
liquid core
an environmental dna study proved that
the loch ness
monster couldn't be a giant reptile or
an aquatic dinosaur
but researchers discovered the lake was
home to tons of eels
that's why they concluded nessie could
be an overgrown
eel even though it's unlikely scientists
discovered a new dino species in japan
the bones they analyzed belonged to a 26
foot long animal
that lived about 72 million years ago
the duck-billed
herbiferous dinosaur was the largest
ever found in the country
scientists found the early evidence of
milk consumption in the teeth of
prehistoric british farmers
apparently people started to drink milk
as early as 6
000 years ago chocolate milk came later
researchers announced they might have
discovered the reason why some people
are born
left-handed after analyzing four hundred
thousand people
they found four genetic regions
partially responsible for the
handedness elon musk unveiled a new
spacex spacecraft starship was designed
to carry cargo and crews to the moon
mars or any other place in the solar
system
then it would land back on earth
perpendicularly
the largest arctic research expedition
ever
the mosaic expedition left norway the
international team from 20 countries
had to spend a year in the central
arctic investigating the climate in that
region
for the first time ever astronomers
detected water on a planet
outside of our solar system the distant
exoplanet
k218b whose size and surface gravity are
larger than earth's
has water vapor in its atmosphere
people all over the world celebrated
batman day
the 80th anniversary of the very first
batman comic
a new airport was opened in beijing it's
the city's second biggest international
airport
nicknamed starfish its terminal building
is the world's largest
single structure airport terminal a
ginormous
315 billion ton iceberg
carved from an ice shelf in antarctica
the giant chunk of ice
was named d28 hey let's give it its own
zip code
october one of the rare vicion warty
pigs at a parisian zoo
was recorded using tools for the first
time ever
the animal picked up a piece of bark in
its mouth and started to dig with it
the nobel prize in medicine or
physiology was awarded to three
physician scientists for figuring out
how cells
sense oxygen the plant known as pete the
fern
took its first selfie in london zoo
using the waste energy it had generated
it was enough to power a camera and take
the photo
researchers found out humans could
regenerate cartilage
rubber-like stuff around joints they saw
a cartilage repair itself
most effectively at the ankle not that
well in the knee
and least effectively in the hip the
blob
went on display at the paris zoological
park
the bright yellow slime mold is neither
plant nor animal or
fungus it can move around at a speed of
1.6 inches per hour
and heals itself after being divided
into two parts
the organism can also solve problems
even though
it doesn't have a brain astronomers
found out the universe was expanding
nine times faster than they had
predicted
google researchers claimed they had
created the first quantum supercomputer
they said it had taken the computer just
three minutes to perform
calculations the most advanced modern
computer would need 10
000 years to solve the oldest natural
pearl in the world was discovered on an
island off the capital of the united
arab emirates
abu dhabi experts said the pearl was at
least eight
thousand years old yabba-dabby-doo
nasa's hubble space telescope snapped a
clear picture
of a comet discovered by an amateur
astronomer
2i borisov that's what the comet is
called
came from an unknown star system it was
the second
interstellar visitor ever noticed in our
solar system
australian airline qantas completed its
non-stop
test flight from london to sydney its
purpose was to research
how such a long journey would affect
crew pilots and passengers
it took a boeing 787 dreamliner
more than 19 hours to carry 49 people
11 000 miles away from their departure
point
november scientists found some evidence
that human ancestors might have walked
upright
as early as yesterday no 12 million
years ago
not 6 million as previously thought this
theory appeared after researchers had
discovered an
ancient ape in a bavarian clay pit in
germany
a new study suggested that ancient
snakes used to have hind legs
during the first 70 million years of
their evolution
researchers found that people who lived
to be 110 years old
and more aka super centenarians
had more immune cells called t helpers
than the average person
these cells are believed to protect
people from viruses and other health
problems
mercury passed directly in front of the
sun on november 11th
how rude such a transit event only
happens 13 to 14 times a century
a tiny book charlotte bronte wrote when
she was 14 for her toy soldiers
was sold at an auction in paris for over
650 000
a new study claimed the wind speed
across asia europe and north america
had risen and become three times faster
since 2010.
december a new breed of apple with a
super long shelf life
hit the market in the u.s the fruit
called cosmic crisp
had taken 20 years to develop it was
cultivated to last for
up to a year north pole explorers mike
horn and borg auslan
completed their 1120 mile journey on
drifting ice in the arctic darkness
so how could they tell it's dark the
world's first
fully electric commercial aircraft
successfully made its test flight
in canada the e-plane was a 62-year-old
seaplane
equipped with a new powerful electric
motor the entire trip
lasted 15 minutes sydney to london
not yet scientists discovered the
earliest fossilized trees ever
386 million years old they were found in
cairo new york a new study reported
archaeologists might have uncovered the
oldest figurative
artwork in the world it was a cave
painting in indonesia
nearly 44 000 years old it had a hunting
scene with animals and people in it
scientists found the deepest point on
land in east antarctica
under denman glacier the canyon filled
with eyes
reached 11 500 feet below sea level
australia had its hottest day ever the
average temperature across the country
reached 104 degrees people in south and
southeast asia
could sing a ring of fire a ring-shaped
solar eclipse
the high-speed parker solar probe
discovered a bizarre
activity at the edges of the sun's
atmosphere
the probe's data showed mysterious
reversals
of the solar magnetic field and weird
bursts
in the solar wind streams stay tuned